Welcome to the final project of
the Udacity Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Program.
Throughout this journey, you localize robots,
map environments, and plan trajectories for robots to navigate in.
Now, you will group these localization, slab,
and start planning robotic algorithms into a home service robot.
The goal of this project is to program a robot that can autonomously map and
environment and navigate to pick up and dropped virtual objects.
This project will mainly test your abilities
and skills in setting the correct parameters,
communicating between different nodes of different packages,
coding nodes B-C Plus Plus,
publishing and subscribing to different topics,
writing launch files, and many others.
The home service robot project is composed of multiple steps: First,
you will learn the building editor in Gazebo,
which is a user-friendly tool that enables you to
professionally model real-world environments in simulation.
Then, you will interface slab with
a wall follower node to autonomously map and environment.
After building the map,
you will test your robot abilities in reaching multiple goals and
orient itself with respect to them using the Ross navigation stack.
Finally, you will model virtual objects
with markers and learn how to deploy them with Ross.
I will be walking you through the different steps in this project and in the end,
expect you to put everything together to build the home service robot.
Hopefully, you will later build upon this project to deploy such a robot in
your house and make it your day-to-day servicing
robot that can deliver anything you need.
All right now, let's get started.